In Object-Oriented Programming (OOP), magic getters and setters 
refer to special methods that enable overloading of property 
and method access in a class. These magic methods, typically 
__get(), __set(), __isset(), __unset(), __call(), and 
__callStatic() in PHP, allow developers to dynamically handle 
the retrieval, assignment, checking, and deletion of 
attributes, as well as method calls that don't exist in the 
class. This concept is often used to provide more flexible 
and dynamic behavior in objects, particularly when the exact 
attributes or methods are not known at the time of writing the 
code.

The __get() method is automatically invoked when trying to 
access a property that is not visible (e.g., private or 
protected) or does not exist in the object. It allows for 
custom behavior when retrieving these properties.

The __set() method is automatically invoked when trying to set 
a value to a property that is not visible or does not exist. 
It provides a custom way to handle property assignments.

They allow for dynamic attribute and method management, which 
can be beneficial in cases where the object’s properties or 
methods are not fixed or known ahead of time.

Magic methods can reduce the amount of boilerplate code by 
handling common operations in a centralized manner.

They provide a way to enforce encapsulation even for properties 
or methods that don’t explicitly exist, ensuring that all 
access is routed through controlled methods.

Magic methods can introduce a slight overhead, as they require 
additional processing compared to direct property or method 
access.

They can make debugging more challenging since errors related 
to undefined properties or methods might be harder to trace.